Enable JSON Scan and from_json by default (#11753)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/compatibility.md

## JSON

JSON, despite being a standard format, has some ambiguity in it. Spark also offers the ability to allow 
some invalid JSON to be parsed. We have tried to provide JSON parsing that is compatible with 
what Apache Spark does support. Note that Spark itself has changed through different releases, and we will
try to call out which releases we offer different results for. JSON parsing is enabled by default

> except for date and timestamp types where we still have work to complete. If you wish to disable
> it you can set `spark.rapids.sql.format.json.enabled` or
> `spark.rapids.sql.format.json.read.enabled` to false. Note that these configs apply only to the JSON scan
> `from_json` is based on the same code base as JSON scan and has similar checks, but to disable it you need to
> disable the `JsonToStructs` expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
except for date and timestamp types where we still have work to complete. If you wish to disable
JSON scan you can set `spark.rapids.sql.format.json.enabled` or
`spark.rapids.sql.format.json.read.enabled` to false. On the other hand, although `from_json` is 
based on the same code base as JSON scan and has similar checks, to disable it you need to
disable the `JsonToStructs` expression.
```

> it you can set `spark.rapids.sql.format.json.enabled` or
> `spark.rapids.sql.format.json.read.enabled` to false. Note that these configs apply only to the JSON scan
> `from_json` is based on the same code base as JSON scan and has similar checks, but to disable it you need to
> disable the `JsonToStructs` expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON scan you can set `spark.rapids.sql.format.json.enabled` or
`spark.rapids.sql.format.json.read.enabled` to false. On the other hand, although `from_json` is 
based on the same code base as JSON scan and has similar checks, to disable it you need to
disable the `JsonToStructs` expression.
```

### Limits

In versions of Spark before 3.5.0 there is no maximum to how deeply nested JSON can be. After 
3.5.0 this was updated to be 1,000 by default. The current GPU implementation of JSON Scan and 
`from_json` limits this to 254 no matter what version of Spark is used. If the nesting level is
over this the JSON is considered invalid and all values will be returned as nulls.
`get_json_object` and `json_tuple` have a maximum nesting depth of 64. An exception is thrown if
the nesting depth goes over the maximum.

Spark 3.5.0 and above have limits on maximum string length 20,000,000 and maximum number length of
1,000. We do not have any of these limits on the GPU.

We, like Spark, cannot support an JSON string that is larger than 2 GiB is size.

### JSON Validation

Spark supports the option `allowNonNumericNumbers`. Versions of Spark prior to 3.3.0 where inconsistent between
quoted and non-quoted values ([SPARK-38060](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/SPARK-38060)). The
GPU implementation is consistent with 3.3.0 and above.

> ### JSON Floating Point types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### JSON Floating Point Types
```

Parsing floating-point values has the same limitations as [casting from string to float](#string-to-float).

### JSON Integral Types

Versions of Spark prior to 3.3.0 would parse quoted integer values, like "1". But 3.3.0 and above consider
these to be invalid and will return `null` when parsed as an Integral types. The GPU implementation
follows 3.3.0 and above.

### JSON Decimal types

Spark supports parsing decimal types either formatted as floating point number or integral numbers, even if it is
in a quoted string. If it is in a quoted string the local of the JVM is used to determine the number format.
If the local is not for the `US`, which is the default we will fall back to the CPU because we do not currently

> parse those numbers correctly. The `US` format removes all commas ',' from the string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parse those numbers correctly. The `US` format removes all commas ',' from the quoted string.
```

As a part of this, though, non-arabic numbers are also supported. We do not support parsing these numbers
see (issue 10532)[https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/10532].

> ### JSON Date/Timestamp types 

Reviewer: Let's capitalize for consistency similar to other places.
```suggestion
### JSON Date/Timestamp Types 
```

## JSON

JSON, despite being a standard format, has some ambiguity in it. Spark also offers the ability to allow 
some invalid JSON to be parsed. We have tried to provide JSON parsing that is compatible with 
what Apache Spark does support. Note that Spark itself has changed through different releases, and we will
try to call out which releases we offer different results for. JSON parsing is enabled by default
except for date and timestamp types where we still have work to complete. If you wish to disable
JSON Scan you can set `spark.rapids.sql.format.json.enabled` or

> `spark.rapids.sql.format.json.read.enabled` to false. To disable `from_json` you can set 
> `spark.rapids.sql.expression.StructsToJson` to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`spark.rapids.sql.format.json.read.enabled` to false. To disable `from_json` you can set 
`spark.rapids.sql.expression.JsonToStructs` to false.
```

except for date and timestamp types where we still have work to complete. If you wish to disable
JSON Scan you can set `spark.rapids.sql.format.json.enabled` or
`spark.rapids.sql.format.json.read.enabled` to false. To disable `from_json` you can set 

> `spark.rapids.sql.expression.JsonToStructs` to false.

Author: Thanks for the fix. Generally I prefer to have someone post a change request instead of pushing to my PR directly. That is so that I can keep my internal development branch in sync with what is in the PR.
